First of all, I will design the nature of the contents of the album
This site is a template for easy design
You can download it for free from the Paper Museum .
Let's work with the template spread to make it easy to image the finish
The first page of the album is this page with the cover open
I will not design this page as it will be a turnaround of the album
I will put in your favorite photos and texts
I will print when the design is complete
Only odd pages are divided into even pages and printed together
Be careful of the position of the hole when setting the paper in the printer
Set this way if you want to print a few pages
When you set the size of the non-dl version appearance looks like here.
Attention here
Specify the page number when designing with a template and the printer when printing
Page numbers are different
To print 79 pages after odd page 13 when designing
2468 to the printer
You specify that you want to print a 10 page
Print the even page next
Turn over and set the printed paper as it is
3579 for the printer
Specifies to print 11 pages
Print 40 pages in this way
Design the cover of the album
The paper used for the cover is thick and can not be printed directly by the printer
Create and print the design to decoration seal
Cut the sticker in the shape you want and peel off the backing paper
Paste on the cover
Since the cover is reversible , please select and attach a favorite side
Arranged in order of the main pages and pinched by the cover and back cover
Pass the feather through the hole
Please cut and extra feathers with scissors when there is a long wings
This is done